todo.md, before:

Target June 19th

Requested by Alycen and Amy:

- warning about max hours per day for techs
  - set max hours per day when adding/updating a tech
- basic scheduling of OT and speech
  - they're fine with this being very simple. All this needs to do is let you put in appointments that are not tied to a tech, and select
    whether it is OT or speech. It will show up differently on the schedule, and not at all on sheet 1.
- sub list
  - when setting a tech's availability, you need to be able to indicate if this is a regular availability, or available for sub
  - new page to see all subs
  - on sheet one, show sub availability as solid blue
- additional table on the schedule page:
  - tech name | blocks for the day | total hours | requested hours

Other:

- Reduce memory usage when switching days on the schedule (rendering all the appointments is slow)
- "total available" doesn't update when adding a new availability
- Polish the schedule page
- Disable signup. Superusers will create users in the admin

Done:

- Allow manually setting the start and end time of an appointment
- Indicate that an appointment is in clinic on the schedule
- Indicate that an appointment is in clinic on sheet 1
- Allow manually setting the start and end time of an availability
- Create custom time input component that only allows 15 minute intervals between a min and max value
- Add ability to to set "in clinic" for client availability
- Add warning about creating split blocks for techs or clients
- Add confirmation when deleting an availability
- Add ability to edit appointments, including recalculating warnings
- Add confirmation when deleting an appointment
- Add "is_onboarding" field to client that is set when creating/updating a client
- When a client is marked as "is_onboarding", their appointments are displayed as yellow instead of green on sheet 1
- Support creating "repeated" appointments
- When creating or editing an appointment, allow "overriding" and selecting a tech that is not recommended, show warnings
- Add hover card on schedule and sheet one to see appointment details
- Add legend to sheet one tables
- Add sheet one matrix showing how many times a client is scheduled with each tech, and the total number of techs they're scheduled with
- Allow setting both a background and text color for techs
- Added loading spinners to all pages
- Indicate on the availability blocks if they the availability is not the full block
- Default appointment form to in clinic if availability is in clinic, and show a warning whenever switching in clinic toggle
- Highlight the current page on the nav bar
- Polish sheet 1 pages
- Polish availability pages
- Only allow superusers to be able to create/update/delete anything, regular users only have readonly accessn c
- Show client/technician name when create/editing an availability
- Show client name when creating/editing an appointment
- Show day of the week when creating/editing an availability or appointment
- Indicate on client availability blocks if the client is available in clinic

Commit message:

Add max_hour_per_day field to technician model, add warning creating/updating an appointment would exceed this

todo.md, after:

Target June 19th

Requested by Alycen and Amy:

- basic scheduling of OT and speech
  - they're fine with this being very simple. All this needs to do is let you put in appointments that are not tied to a tech, and select
    whether it is OT or speech. It will show up differently on the schedule, and not at all on sheet 1.
- sub list
  - when setting a tech's availability, you need to be able to indicate if this is a regular availability, or available for sub
  - new page to see all subs
  - on sheet one, show sub availability as solid blue
- additional table on the schedule page:
  - tech name | blocks for the day | total hours | requested hours

Other:

- Reduce memory usage when switching days on the schedule (rendering all the appointments is slow)
- "total available" doesn't update when adding a new availability
- Polish the schedule page
- Disable signup. Superusers will create users in the admin

Done:

- Allow manually setting the start and end time of an appointment
- Indicate that an appointment is in clinic on the schedule
- Indicate that an appointment is in clinic on sheet 1
- Allow manually setting the start and end time of an availability
- Create custom time input component that only allows 15 minute intervals between a min and max value
- Add ability to to set "in clinic" for client availability
- Add warning about creating split blocks for techs or clients
- Add confirmation when deleting an availability
- Add ability to edit appointments, including recalculating warnings
- Add confirmation when deleting an appointment
- Add "is_onboarding" field to client that is set when creating/updating a client
- When a client is marked as "is_onboarding", their appointments are displayed as yellow instead of green on sheet 1
- Support creating "repeated" appointments
- When creating or editing an appointment, allow "overriding" and selecting a tech that is not recommended, show warnings
- Add hover card on schedule and sheet one to see appointment details
- Add legend to sheet one tables
- Add sheet one matrix showing how many times a client is scheduled with each tech, and the total number of techs they're scheduled with
- Allow setting both a background and text color for techs
- Added loading spinners to all pages
- Indicate on the availability blocks if they the availability is not the full block
- Default appointment form to in clinic if availability is in clinic, and show a warning whenever switching in clinic toggle
- Highlight the current page on the nav bar
- Polish sheet 1 pages
- Polish availability pages
- Only allow superusers to be able to create/update/delete anything, regular users only have readonly accessn c
- Show client/technician name when create/editing an availability
- Show client name when creating/editing an appointment
- Show day of the week when creating/editing an availability or appointment
- Indicate on client availability blocks if the client is available in clinic
- Add max_hours_per_day field to tech, add warning when creating an appointment would exceed this
